Updated Backend type annotations Doc for the usage of assert keyword. (#16)
oppia/oppia-web-developer-docs: Backend-Type-Annotations.md

```

> 4. While narrowing down the `Optional[...]` types (eg. Optional[str]) always keep assert at your last option, because if assert is not used properly it can create abmbiguity among other developers. For proper usage of assert, you can refer following points:

Reviewer: I'm seeing some typos and grammar issues, e.g.

```suggestion
4. While narrowing down `Optional[...]` types like `Optional[str]`, always keep assert as your last option because improper asserts can create ambiguity for other developers. To use asserts properly, please follow these points:
```

ditto elsewhere.

    - One of the use case of assert is that assert can be used for conditions that have been already validated within the same function. Example:
    ```python
    def func(x: Optional[str]) -> str:
        if x not in ['a', 'b', 'c']:    # Here, we are validating x variable. If x is None then an exception is raised because None is not mentioned in the list.
            raise Exception(
                'value not found.'
            )
        y = x    # Here, x has Optional[str] type and we know that x cannot be None here, so to narrow down it's we used assertion here with comment.
        # Ruling out the possibility of None for mypy type checking, because x is
        # already validated above. 
        assert x is not None
        return y
    ```

>     - Please do not use assert if you are not sure that value is going to be None or not, instead try to debug and find the answer for `why it is None here?` or `Is that value have already been validated in caller functions?`. If value have already been validated in caller functions then raise an proper exception in called function so that in future if exception is raised then we know that value cannot be None here.

Reviewer: The code blocks here should be quotes instead since they aren't code or anything else where we're worried about a reader mixing up characters

>     - Please do not use assert if you are not sure that value is going to be None or not, instead try to debug and find the answer for `why it is None here?` or `Is that value have already been validated in caller functions?`. If value have already been validated in caller functions then raise an proper exception in called function so that in future if exception is raised then we know that value cannot be None here.

Reviewer 2: "if you are not sure that value" --> "if you are not sure whether that value"

"If value have already been validated in caller functions then raise an proper exception in called function so that in future if exception is raised then we know that value cannot be None here." --> "If the value is supposed to have already been validated in the caller functions, then raise a proper exception in the called function, so that unsupported inputs  get handled correctly."

> 

Reviewer: unnecessary extra blank lines
